oh and welcome to a bra box tutorial I'm
going to be needing this one article
switching now this is when you have
someone's article which is stored with
each character for instance Mario's
fireball Diddy Kong's peanut links arrow
links boomerang and you want to put it
on someone else before impossible now I
say possible first step open up two
instances of raw box if you don't have
broad locks check out my Gemma
downloading of all necessary files now
I'll show you how to get it first when I
show you two different changes that are
really fun but the first one involves
link so fit link motion pack and then
the other one fit Diddy motion back now
why I have to open is so that i can
compare and contrast each one like I
don't have to open it that's a huge
asset for bra box that PSA did not have
so on link i believe his arrow it's
under this fit link etc the other one
that everyone has is fit link motion or
fit DD emotion those are the actual
animations but we're not switching those
are switching articles so you go to the
etc you go down until you can find links
arrow it's in a model data so perfect we
don't know where that is go down and
ditties until you can find Diddy peanuts
found it
right click on the model data export
export it somewhere you'll remember and
then for now that you've exported Diddy
Kong's peanuts you're going to put them
on links arrow so you right click on
link replace not replace all go to where
you put your model data perfect but now
you need to replace this name so just
rename two links name and I believe that
that was weapon link bow arrow now you
have to do that when you switch things
now if you're looking well how does the
texture get onto that arrow which is now
actually Duty conscious peanut it's
actually right here if you click it you
can see it here go be honest with you I
don't know how to switch this I can't
figure it out because if we go to change
this is Diddy Kong's peanut we just
export this say you're there al
underscore arrow replace replace it with
the texture rename this al underscore
arrow I've tried this but the peanut
still looks like links arrow like just
the texture it looks like a physical
peanut but it is textured like a arrow
it looks like a weird you can tell it's
a peanut but right now I'm not sure how
to actually do this and I think it might
be partially because Diddy's peanut is
also an item it's one of those weird
ones because you can kind of catch
duties peanut sometimes but it's also an
article
anyway so you're going to save this
somewhere you can remember maybe like ad
space dash space Diddy arrow just to
remind yourself that's what that is I
had a suggestion for one somebody wanted
me to switch Kirby's hammer with
something I believe they wanted chards
rock but i'm going to say nay and i'm
going to switch it with something that I
bored you tried so i know it works which
is peaches parasol so you open up kirby
motion you open up peach motion you go
into etc go down model data all of
peaches things are named weird so that's
like the thing she pulls up sometimes
just keep going around models until you
can find I think this is it sorry
peaches stuff is named weird anyway this
is probably it so right click export not
export all somewhere you can remember in
Kirby's find his hammer or like curry
has a lot of funny ones like his final
cutter which is that up being he has
like actually that's when he turns into
a stone your Kirby hammer remember
weapon Kirby hammer right click replace
model data rename
oops okay right click replace model data
rename weapon Kirby hammer okay now you
might have seen Kirby's hammer being
replaced with Ganondorf sword which is
really cool because that sword is pretty
cool but what's going to happen now is I
can't find peaches texture data for the
kiss or which i think is very strange
but I don't know if it will work because
it doesn't work on Diddy Kong's peanuts
so right now what we're going to do is
just file save this file save as save a
summer you can remember maybe you're
going to save it as peach hammer now all
you need to do is go to where your SD
card is these are my two files rename
them properly so just get rid of the
space space space so does fit link
motion etc dot pack and you just put it
there then when you go to play as you'll
see in my demonstration you can see both
in my demonstration that there will be
replaced and it's actually really fun it
does not change the game at all so if
you're just playing with friends and
they're like hey why is kirby's hammer
of umbrella you're cheating you're not
actually because the hitboxes are the
same as we learned in the project smash
attacks tutorial all of those so you
could actually replace it with mario
which i tried to do but i can't find his
model data still looking for but you can
do this with a lot of things some things
i tried that didn't work I've tried to
replace Diddy Kong's action his peanut
with something first I tried his peanut
with the sward I can't get that one to
work so I dis recommend trying that but
go ahead and try it because it is really
easy pretty much just export one import
done really really fun on the screen and
it's pretty rewarding
yeah so that's pretty much it I would
like to encourage you to go to gaol mix
kitty Corp forums they've been really
kind to me and my tutorials and please
watch the demonstration because you're
going to be able to see what's actually
happening in this video so thanks again